this is the horoscope for the sign of
Libra for this month the planet of
dreams illusions inspiration natural has
been in your piece house of true love
Romans children and creativity for the
last 14 years beautifying you love life
you are so lovable of course you still
are but this planet is not going to help
you in the same way in the future
because the planet who stands 14 long
years in each side will move on the
third in the sign of pieces and your
sixth house of work and health
planet Neptune is besides the planet of
inspiration and dreams also the planet
of confusion of illusion of deception
and in your sixth house it works well
for those who work with something that
they really love if you should get bored
at your job during the next 14 years
maybe it is a good idea to start with
something creative that is nourishing
your soul and the possibilities are many
and libras are creative and they'll like
beautiful things planet of restriction
and limitations has been in your own
sign since the fall of 2009 and maybe
you felt that you needed to grow up a
little bit things got serious in your
life all of the sudden planet satan that
is making your life a little bit
difficult now is turning retrograde from
the seventh this month until june twenty
fifth and hopefully the pressure on your
life during this period of time will
lessen and the you will feel a little
bit relieved and you can plan for the
future and finding your strategies this
planet will leave your sign on october
fifth and after that it will start help
you to find stability in your financial
situation the full moon in your level
house of friends on the seventh of
februari might lead you to take some
kind of decision about a friendship in
your life the friendship could em even
if it's not your style but it can be the
other ones decision or the friendship
might continue but at a new level of
more understanding planet venus the
planet of love harmony friendship is in
your 7000 relationships during most of
the months since the 8th until the end
of the month and it will help you find
harmony in all your relation
ships otherwise so it's unbelievable
that the friendship might end it could
be taken to a whole new level instead
during the first part of the month
planet mercury and the Sun is in your
fifth house of romance and it's a good
time for relationships and for love and
romance gradually after the 13th your
work will be more important and planet
Mercury will move to your sixth house of
work so with the Sun on the 19th making
the second part of the month more about
work and everyday routines as well you
might have a lot to do all the time
and some new developments at work should
begin around the 21st with a new moon in
your six house of work and if you should
be unemployed it is a good time on the
21st and the first day after the new
moon tool send an application or look
for work because the chances of success
are greater this is everything I have to
say about the horoscope for this month
for the sign of Libra thank you so much
for watching this